CPU 1: ARM946E-S

Role: Processes gameplay mechanisms and video rendering.

Basic Specs:
    Clockspeed: 67Mhz,
    Cache:
        Instruction Cache: 8KB,
        Data Cache: 4KB,
        Both Are Tightly Coupled Memory.

Harvard Architechture:
Separate storage and signal pathways for instructions and data.
The word width, timing, implementation technology, and memory address structure
    can differ.

https://developer.arm.com/documentation/ddi0201/d/introduction/about-the-arm946e-s-processor
ARM Specs:
    An ARM9E-S RISC integer CPU core featuring:
        ARMv5TE 32-bit instruction set that has improved ARM/Thumb code
            interworking and an enhanced multiplier designed for improved DSP
            performance.
        ARM debug architecture with additional support for real-time debug.
            This enables critical exception handlers to execute while debugging
            the system.
    Support for external Tightly-Coupled Memory (TCM). A TCM interface is
        provided for each of the external instruction and data memory blocks.
        The size of both the Instruction and Data TCM blocks are implementor-specific
        and can range from 0KB to 1MB.
    Instruction and data caches. The design can be easily modified to enable
        any combination of caches from 0KB to 1MB.

    A protection unit that enables the memory to be protected in a simple
        manner, ideal for embedded control applications.

    An AMBA AHB bus interface. The ARM946E-S processor interfaces to the rest
        of the system are through use of unified address and data buses. This
        interface is compatible with the AMBA AHB bus standard.
    Support for external coprocessors enabling floating point or other application
        specific hardware acceleration to be added. For coprocessor support, the
        instruction and data buses are exported along with simple handshaking signals.

    Support for the use of a scan test methodology for the standard cell logic
        and Built-In-Self-Test (BIST) for the TCM and caches.

    An interface to an external Embedded Trace Macrocell (ETM) to support
        real-time tracing of instructions and data.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Classic_RISC_pipeline#The_classic_five_stage_RISC_pipeline
Uses RISC 5 stage pipeline:
    1. Instruction Fetch
        Takes one cycle to read instructions. The program counter is incremented
        at the same time as the current instruction is read. It increments either
        increments by 4 and continues, or takes the result of a branch or jump
        calculation. The size of an instruction is 4 bytes, so that's why it
        increases by 4.
    2. 
    3. 
    4. 
    5. 
